Create AudioProcessingEvent.* docs (#25199)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/audioprocessingevent/index.md

    as defined by the time of {{domxref("BaseAudioContext/currentTime", "AudioContext.currentTime")}}.
- {{domxref("AudioProcessingEvent.inputBuffer", "inputBuffer")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Deprecated_Inline}}
  - : An {{domxref("AudioBuffer")}} that is the buffer containing the input audio data to be processed.
    The number of channels is defined as a parameter `numberOfInputChannels`,
    of the factory method {{domxref("BaseAudioContext/createScriptProcessor", "AudioContext.createScriptProcessor()")}}.
    Note that the returned <code>AudioBuffer</code> is only valid in the scope of the event handler.
- {{domxref("AudioProcessingEvent.outputBuffer", "outputBuffer")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Deprecated_Inline}}
  - : An {{domxref("AudioBuffer")}} that is the buffer where the output audio data should be written.
    The number of channels is defined as a parameter, <code>numberOfOutputChannels</code>,
    of the factory method {{domxref("BaseAudioContext/createScriptProcessor", "AudioContext.createScriptProcessor()")}}.
    Note that the returned <code>AudioBuffer</code> is only valid in the scope of the event handler.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

> The following example shows basic usage of a `ScriptProcessorNode` to take a

Author: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use of a `ScriptProcessorNode` to take a
```
